=head1 NAME

Wikiwyg - Turn any HTML div into a wysiwyg and wikitext edit area.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    // This code enables a div to be a Wikiwyg area
    var myDiv = document.getElementById('some_id');
    var myConfig = {
        javascriptLocation: '../../lib/',
        doubleClickToEdit: true,
        modeClasses: [
            'Wikiwyg.Wysiwyg',
            'Wikiwyg.Wikitext',
            'Wikiwyg.Preview'
        ],
        toolbar: {
            imagesLocation: '../../images/',
            controlLayout: [
                'save', 'cancel', 'mode_selector', '/',
                'bold', 'italic', '|', 'indent', 'outdent'
            ]
        },
        wysiwyg: {
            iframeId: 'wikiwyg_iframe'
        }
    };
    var myWikiwyg = new Wikiwyg.MySubclass();

    // Attempt to enable Wikiwyg for some div
    myWikiwyg.createWikiwygArea(myDiv, myConfig);
    
    // Change some link(s) to turn on the wikiwyg area
    if (myWikiwyg.enabled) {
        Wikiwyg.changeLinksMatching(
            'href', /action=edit/,
            function() {
                myWikiwyg.editMode();
                return false;
            }
        );
    }

    // You'll likely want to sublass Wikiwyg for your application.
    // Wikiwyg will work fine on its own but some behavior is undefined.
    proto = new Subclass('Wikiwyg.MySubclass', 'Wikiwyg');

    proto.modeClasses = [
        'Wikiwyg.Wysiwyg',
        'Wikiwyg.Wikitext.MySubclass',
        'Wikitext.Preview'
    ];

    proto.saveChanges = function() {
        // code to save edit changes to your system
    }

    // A subclass to customize Wikiwyg.Wikitext for your wiki variation
    proto = new Subclass('Wikiwyg.Wikitext.MySubclass', 'Wikiwyg.Wikitext');
    // etc...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Wikiwyg is a Javascript library that can be easily integrated into any
wiki or blog software. It offers the user multiple ways to edit/view a
piece of content:

    * Wysiwyg mode - Simple, HTML, Design Mode editing.
    * Wikitext mode - Standard, Wiki, Text Area editing.
    * HTML mode - View/Edit raw html.
    * Preview mode - Display mode without saving changes.

Wikiwyg allows you to switch between modes, delegating some of the
processing to the server when necessary.

=head1 FEATURES

    * Works in Internet Explorer and Mozilla browsers.
    * Can lay over any html div and be hooked into the existing edit
      buttons provided by the system.
    * Gracefully falls back to existing functionality if browser does
      not support Wikiwyg.
    * Subclassable to the environment it is being integrated into.
    * Configurable to tweak basic options.
    * Can edit multiple divs on the same page at the same time.
    * Instantaneous switch from view to edit.
    * Implemented as a clean OO library where each enabled div is a
      Wikiwyg object.
    * Toolbar does the right thing in both Wysiwyg and Wikitext modes.
    * Control key shortcuts apply styles without using the toolbar.
    * Adding new modes is as simple as adding new classes to the
      modeClasses property.

=head1 PROJECT GOALS

Wikiwyg wants to be a wysiwyg and also traditional editor for
preexisting wiki and weblog software packages. The initial targets are
the Kwiki wiki project and Socialtext Workspace(tm).

Wikiwyg should become the new TEXTAREA for applications that want more
advanced input but don't want to rearchitect their infrastructure.

Wikiwyg is simple to integrate into existing software. In many cases it
should require no changes to the server side.

=head1 EXTENDING

Wikiwyg uses CamelCase identifiers for public methods and attributes and
lower_case_with_underscore identifiers for private methods and
attributes.

Nothing is really private in Javascript but the idea is that "private"
identifiers are I<Subject to Change>. If you need to override private
stuff, please go right ahead; then consider notifying the author of your
use case, so that things can be refactored to use public methods in a
subsequent release.

On the other hand you are highly encouraged to override public methods.
That's why they are public :)

For example, to change the layout of the toolbar buttons, you would
define your own C<setToolbarButtons> method (after loading the
Wikiwyg library).

    Wikiwyg.Toolbar.prototype.setToolbarButtons = function() {
        this.add_toolbar_button('foo');
        ...
    }

NOTE: Creating a flexible library for something like Wikiwyg is a
challenge but it is entirely possible. Avoid the temptation to fork the
code and instead learn to work with it and contribute back to the
project. That way as Wikiwyg matures, so will your integration of it.

=head1 SUBCLASSING

NOTE: Javascript doesn't have classes and subsclasses per se, but you
can fake them and get encapsulation and inheritance benefits. So please
check your purist hat at the front desk...

Wikiwyg is intended to be subclassed. The nature of this beast is that
it can only do so much for you. This is your system after all, and
Wikiwyg doesn't know all the ins and outs of it. Wikiwyg provides
methods for the things it wants to do conceptually and leaves it up to
you to implement the ones that are specific to your system.

Wikiwyg is actually comprised of several classes (even though they live
in one module/file):

    * Wikiwyg -- the main driver class
    * Wikiwyg.Toolbar -- the class for creating/handling the toolbar
    * The Mode Classes:
    ** Wikiwyg.Wysiwyg -- the DesignMode wysiwyg editor
    ** Wikiwyg.Wikitext -- textarea editor with wiki syntax
    ** Wikiwyg.Preview -- an html preview of your changes

To create a new subclass, Wikiwyg provides a special constructor called
C<Subclass>. It takes two string arguments: the name of the new class,
and optionally the name of the parent class. C<Subclass> provides each object
with two extra attributes: C<classname> and C<baseclass>. Here is a typical
usage in Wikiwyg:

    proto = new Subclass('Wikiwyg.Wikitext.Mine', 'Wikiwyg.Wikitext');
    
    proto.markupRules = {
        bold: ['bound_phrase', "'''", "'''"],
        italic: ['bound_phrase', "''", "''"]
    };
    
    proto.enableThis = function() {
        // Call the base enableThis
        Wikiwyg.Wikitext.prototype.enableThis.call(this);
        this.textarea.height = '400px';
        // alert(this.classname + ' is all set up!');
    }

=head1 RESOURCES

    * http://www.wikiwyg.net/
    * http://wiki.wikiwyg.net/
    * http://demo.wikiwyg.net/
    * http://www.openjsan.org/
    * wikiwyg-dev@wikiwyg.net

=head1 BUGS AND CAVEATS

Wikiwyg currently only works in Internet Explorere 6.0 and in Gecko
browsers like Mozilla Firefox. Other browsers like Safari and Opera will
hopefully be supported later.

=head1 CREDITS

The Wikiwyg library was written almost from scratch after playing with
the code from RTE and WikiEdit. Wikiwyg differs highly in that it is a
pure Javascript implementation, and is completely object oriented.

=over

=item Socialtext

Socialtext is responsible for starting the Wikiwyg effort and putting it
into the open for others to use.

=item Ingy döt Net

Ingy started the Wikiwyg project. He is currently an employee of
Socialtext and also the author of the Kwiki wiki software
(http://www.kwiki.org).

=item Chris Dent

Chris did all the work that makes the Wikitext mode toolbar so smart and
context sensitive.

See: http://www.socialtext.com

=item Roman "Kukutz" Ivanov <thingol@mail.ru>

Roman wrote WikiEdit which is basically a textarea toolbar.
http://wackowiki.com/WikiEdit

=item Kevin Roth

Kevin wrote the cross-browser rich-text editor (RTE).
http://www.kevinroth.com/rte/demo.htm

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

    Ingy döt Net <ingy@cpan.org>
    Casey West <casey@geeknest.com>
    Chris Dent <cdent@burningchrome.com>
    Matt Liggett <mml@pobox.com>
    Ryan King <rking@panoptic.com>
    Dave Rolsky <autarch@urth.org>
    Kang-min Liu <gugod@gugod.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

    Copyright (c) 2005 Socialtext Corporation 
    655 High Street
    Palo Alto, CA 94301 U.S.A.
    All rights reserved.

Wikiwyg is free software. 

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser
General Public License for more details.

    http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.txt

=cut
