This extension provides a media handler for the Ogg container format. When
enabled, a player will be automatically embedded in the image description page, 
or any wiki page using the same syntax as for images. 

To install this extension, add the following to the end of your LocalSettings.php:

    require( "$IP/extensions/OggHandler/OggHandler.php" );

oggThumb
--------

oggThumb is the best utility currently available for creating still images from
Theora videos. Unfortunately, that's not saying much, it is quite immature. 

It can be found in the oggvideotools package in some Linux distributions, or 
you can download the source from:

http://dev.streamnik.de/oggvideotools.html

Versions 0.8 (which is the current release at the time of writing) and earlier 
are effectively unusable, due to the lack of an output filename parameter. A 
fix has been applied in the pre-release version, and is expected to be released 
in version 0.9. In the meantime, if you have a Subversion client, you can get 
the development version using:

svn co https://oggvideotools.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/oggvideotools oggvideotools

For best results, oggThumb should be used with libtheora 1.1 or later. 

To enable oggThumb, put the following after the require line in your 
LocalSettings.php:

   $wgOggThumbLocation = '/path/to/oggThumb';

FFmpeg
------

FFmpeg can be used to produce still images from Theora videos, but it suffers
from a number of bugs. Some are fixed in the current development version, some
are not. The most serious of these is an inability to create thumbnails where no
keyframe exists between the requested point and the end of the file -- a
situation which is quite common for videos with only one keyframe.

To enable FFmpeg, set the FFmpeg binary location with:

    $wgFFmpegLocation = '/path/to/ffmpeg';

after the require line in LocalSettings.php. The default is "/usr/bin/ffmpeg". 
If $wgOggThumbLocation is set to something other than false, FFmpeg will not be
used.

PEAR File_Ogg
-------------

OggHandler developer Tim Starling forked the PEAR File_Ogg package and improved 
it significantly in order to support this extension. He has now taken over 
maintainership of File_Ogg and merged his changes into the latest release. 
This extension will now work with either the bundled File_Ogg class, or a 
File_Ogg package from PEAR with version 0.3.0 or greater. It is licensed under 
the LGPL.

http://pear.php.net/package/File_Ogg

As per the usual convention, the PEAR base directory (the one with PEAR.php in 
it) must be in your include_path.

Graphics
--------

The icons play.png, pause.png, stop.png and info.png are from the Crystal Project:

   http://www.everaldo.com/crystal/

They are licensed under the LGPL. 
