The Windows binaries are from http://luabinaries.sourceforge.net/ . The C 
runtime libraries for Visual C++ 8 are required, and are not bundled. If an 
error is seen reporting that "msvcr80.dll" is not present, it can be downloaded
from Microsoft:

* 32-bit: http://www.microsoft.com/download/en/details.aspx?displaylang=en&id=5638
* 64-bit: http://www.microsoft.com/download/en/details.aspx?displaylang=en&id=21254

The Linux binaries were compiled using "make generic". Lua does not use 
autoconf, rather it encourages users to edit the makefile. The makefile patch
used to create the Linux binaries is in generic.patch.

Compiling with "make generic" avoids introducing dynamic library dependencies 
other than libc. This makes the binaries work on a far greater variety of Linux
distributions.

The following copyright and license restrictions apply to these Lua binaries:

Copyright Â© 2005-2011 Tecgraf/PUC-Rio and the Kepler Project.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to 
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies 
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do 
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, 
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE.
